Hello everyone! Chaos here and this is our new Git-Hub update bot. It has come to our understanding that we should be communicating more with the community and bringing you guys along for the ride. So this is our solution. As we progress from here on out you guys can expect a weekly update post from one of the Devs, staff, or support team members. I have already gone ahead and set up a GitHub "project" located at the top. There you guys will be able to keep track of everything we are working on, have worked on, and will be work on with giving you guys very few details. Because let's be real, we don't want to ruin everything and would much rather you guys find a lot of the stuff out in character. But this way you guys can follow along with some of the development of the city. So you may ask, Where have you guys been? What's going on with the server? Why haven't we heard any updates? etc. All of this is to be answered. 

To be completely honest with all of you as most of you guys know josh stepped down about a month ago due to personal reasons.  It was sad to see him go on such short notice but we completely understood his reasoning. With that came some interference with him being the dev server owner and not being able to transfer to one of us or keep the server up. Polymer and I immediately began working on the server from our own local computers and have slowly continued the process during this time. As of last week I was able to re-purchase a dev server for us to continue development on and have recently transferred all of our files back over. 


So now that we are back to where we left off before Josh stepped away we can finally continue development. Over the next few days, you guys can expect us to be performing more server optimization. Checking and making sure all MLO's are working and not conflicting with any other maps. We will also be trying to restore our website and squaring away the server applications and doing more SQL database entries. Our staff team is also hard at work dealing with documents, server rules, crafting recipes, data logging, and much more. I want to personally thank each and every one of you for your continued support and patients. I would love to hear any ideas, suggestions, comments, or concerns you may have so feel free to post them in the correct discord section as I promise each and everyone is read and taken into consideration. If you don't want/like to post publicly then you can always send a message to myself or polymer. 



Thank you guys again and we hope this Git-hub bot will help bring the development of the city and community closer together. You guys can expect another Readme Update Next Saturday.  ( P.S  Thanks Coil for the Git-Hub idea :] )
